c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.xml
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\49qrzl2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
